Hit me harder, Make me strong
Telling me to follow the set path
Telling me that's the norm
Telling me to live quietly
For who are those ill-advised words for
Heat things up
I'm not giving up
Hit me hard
Only your hands will hurt
Look at me
I'm fine
Even if I fall
I'm going to get back up
Look at me
Closely
The more you try to bring me down
I'm a stone that becomes stronger
This uncontrollable world
This world that is harder on me
Me whom everyone turned against
Me whom everyone laughed at and caused me pain
Growing darker and shriveling away
Don't trap me in such a world
It's okay to be wrong
It's my life
Look at me
I'm fine
Even if I fall
I'm going to get back up
Look at me
Closely
The more you try to bring me down
I'm a stone that becomes stronger
No matter what others say
The path I chose to take
Hey I'm betting everything on it Hey
Walk
Keep walking
Even if you fall
Stand up and walk again
Until the day
When I can stand at the end of this road
And finally
Cry my heart out